Docs/blog/new next js starter + gatsby starter name change (#1257)
vtex/faststore: docs/blog/2022-04-29-faststore.md

---

> description: New Next.js starter available. This starter's features are identical to the existing base store starter, which used Gatsby.
> tags: [faststore]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: New Next.js starter available. This starter's features are identical to the existing Base Store starter, which used Gatsby.
tags: [base store]
```

---

> # New Next.js starter available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Base Store (Next.js) starter now available
```

> VTEX launched a new [Next.js based FasStore starter](https://github.com/vtex-sites/nextjs.store). It is actually a base store starter, identical in every way to the existing base store, which used Gatsby, except for the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We launched a [Next.js-based starter](https://github.com/vtex-sites/nextjs.store) that corresponds to the [Base Store](/starters/base) previously available only for Gatsby. This means you can now quickstart your FastStore project with your favorite framework: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) or [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/).
```

## What has changed?

> Now, developers that wish to use Next.js with FastStore, can leverage our base store starter to get their projects going.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can quickly get your FastStore project up and running with Next.js and our Base Store (Next.js) starter. For more information, check the source code of the starter at the [nextjs.store](https://github.com/vtex-sites/nextjs.store) repository.
```

> Also, because this is another base store starter, [the name of the repository formerly known as `basestore` was changed to `gatsby.store`](https://faststore.dev/releases/2022/04/29/basestore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, because the Base Store is now available for Next.js and Gatsby, [the name of the repository formerly known as `base.store` was changed to `gatsby.store`](https://faststore.dev/releases/2022/04/29/basestore).
```

## What needs to be done?

> To learn more and start your FastStore project with Next.js, check the [Next.js store repository](https://github.com/vtex-sites/nextjs.store).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more and start your FastStore project with Next.js, check the [nextjs.store repository](https://github.com/vtex-sites/nextjs.store).
```
